last one. So here
we of course just
referencing this variable that
we're declaring at the
top of the file,
powerful language models will
be able to reference
this and know exactly
what we mean here.
All right, so fantastic.
So this is the
system prompt, this controls
the behavior of our
agents, I highly recommend
whatever response format you
return from your agents
if you're responding with
JSON, you create a
concrete object. If we
search that here, you
can see we have
this in a field,
right? In a Pydantic
class. If you're in
TypeScript land, you'll use
Zod, but here we
use Pydantic, all right?
So response format, multi-version